[Music]
by the Hentai shirt and everything
Welcome to another one that's
perfectly fine people of the
por And yes guys just like it says in the
title of the video the day that Dallas
wanted to put me in jail and ended up
insulting me Oh For true love no no we can't
admit new characters
in the Lore for real I mean the the
living bread is already complete for real I mean
no more can join Nobody we have
kidnappings By the way, I got
some information, dude I don't know if I should say it I'm going to
say it in a video that I'm going to make on the
main channel, maybe tomorrow
I'll make a video tomorrow or the day after I'll make a
video of theox I have new information let's
see but I can't take it anymore I can't take it anymore
the pervert is packed no no but let's see let's
see of course taking into account that
we are now in the character replacement phase
no eh those from 2017 are on
leave and the
new characters are being incorporated ra it's
not how is it that this this Who would it be I do
n't know if this counts as a Story Time
or something like that but this has been going on for about
two years now  well, see this
is about two years old but I'm going to take
advantage now, not suddenly, not
quickly, I'll put them in context and
now we're going to see emails and all that well, do you
remember their platform from
Dallas called stario which wanted to
replace YouTube and so on, at
first it seemed too striking to me,
well, the proposal that had been
made because there was going to be no censorship and so
on, well, in the end I could never
get into their platform and well, uh, uh, I
ended up almost there with this insult, well, I
ended up insulted and threatened, watch out, uh,
that's very interesting but well, let's
see, for you to get into their platform they
charged you, I don't remember if it was like 1 euro
and 50 cents, something like that, well, to
make a long story short, like 30
Mexican pesos, no. I mean, they charged that, I don't
remember why they charged, but well, I
charged this time I was registering
my other stuff. Hi Javi, have you seen the
Naim girlfriend? Oh, I have the ex thing
here, let's see, yes, it said, if you
want, uh, to become a creator or something like that,
you have to pay, I okay, I paid when
I paid, it kind of came up  an error and I
pressed it again and it charged me twice
on my bank application you can
enter and well Yes of course this could
be a lip or lip let's see le le is a
character that has already been eliminated but recently they
wanted to revive him but they expelled him
from the manga too pathetic to
incorporate it ask for a ref to
return the money if a duplicate payment was made and
so on I actually made that
ref and returning it is screwed I [ __ ]'
[ __ ]' It's worse than this guy m
[ __ ]' right now it seems like he's out let's
go m [ __ ]' right now it seems like he's
under a bridge my guy money and that's it I
think because of a bug or something it's in
the crack like that Within their platform they
never accepted me Although I paid and
so on and well x no weeks later I
get the following
email I love it I love it Here it is
Hello Miguel Well let's start here
the title of the email is from Miguel alann
García jail awaits you here as if it
were this movie headline Jail
awaits you turns me on Hello Miguel Alan
García I want you to know that what you
just did is a crime punishable by
jail I am going to chase you  criminally
watch out Remember that they gave me a
refund of 1 euro with a few
cents they wanted to put me in jail
because I requested a refund for something that they
charged me two watch out Ah look In fact
here comes the date October 4,
2022, that is, it was 2 years ago eh I'm going to
criminally pursue you to your country,
damn but this guy if he had told
This two years ago he would have already been
around with the ler len elun passes they
would have admitted him for
incurring charges FR what's up emil
d dude with credit card credit
forgery I don't know what forgery
And I paid with a debit card you're going to
go to jail For who the hell is this
character Well a turkey who gives it
wanted to put in jail because I don't
know what the hell he would do with the
card I don't know the truth Coming soon and
be clear that we don't
mess around with idiots like you,
a criminal complaint will arrive at
your doorstep with the police
Coming soon you'll see  Dear, this is going to turn out so
fast, sick, I love that
last bit of sick because it's like
something that their videos always say,
anyone is sick, a
psychopath, stuff like that, and I kindly
answered him very kindly, my card made
two charges when I wanted to be your creator, which is why
my bank gave me the option to
refund one of them and I did it,
the truth is I didn't know if something bad was going to
happen, I ask you for one, yes, I am
kind, I didn't get there like him to be
intimidating and fighting, it's that this is very,
very stupid, but well, that happened
and then if you see that, that email was on
October 4th and then I received another one on
October 20th, well, two years ago
too, like one or two weeks went by,
Francisco Javier and that coscu outfit.
Hey, dude, Georio, no, and here it was someone
from support. I mean, first Te te
starts attacking you, harping on you with his
official contact email, meaning he
wrote that, and then I received this not
two weeks later, which is from
Stardos support, says, hello, let's hope you're
well, here we can see the clear
difference between a professional person,
as we see in  this email that we are
going to read right now with a person who I think
is a little sick eh Yes, he is
a little sick and
maybe has a sore throat but nothing bad Hi, we hope you
are very well I am writing to you from the
stario team the reason for our email is
because we received a notification
from the platform a kiss mom
of se Thank you very much sweetheart that
a payment has been reported made within
stardos as FR you slow do you know what
happens let's see yes it is true that the email
the dara email is a little not like that no
eh I don't know the truth what it bothered him but
the thing is that releasing this video two
years later is not a hybrid between
Messi verga and Tania by the face no but of
course this is what has happened to him eh Because of
course this if he had released this email
at the time then we would have seen each other it drives us
crazy Likewise always no but
eh of course it's like he has seen that that they
usually break it let's say no every time
someone publishes a md that d
sends him angrily or an email or something like that
he has said  This is mine I'm going to
publish this I'm going to publish this email
I have an email from Dallas completely
crazy about me eh from two years ago I
resurrect it look they're going to give me the ball all
these are going to give me this tomorrow he's walking around
all the channels they agreed and he's a
new signing you're going to see it without
knowing him without knowing anything Let's see I don't know maybe there's
some more story behind it
And that's why Dallas sent him that But
Javi you shave your armpits of course Marius
of course you're cleaner than the
femin Marius dude I mean I want to
monetize Well I don't know if I want to
monetize Oh
[Music]